.\" transtats - Command line interface for transtats
.TH "TRANSTATS" "1" "12th July 2021" "transtats 0.5.0" "User Commands"
.SH "NAME"
transtats \- Command line interface for transtats
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B transtats
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR] \fI\,COMMAND \/\fR[\fI\,ARGS\/\fR]...
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Show this message and exit.

.SS "Commands available are :"
.br
.br
.I \fB * coverage [OPTIONS] GRAPH_RULE
   Translation coverage as per graph rule.

.br
.I \fB * job [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]....
   Job related operations. There are two sub-commands used with this job command.

   1) transtats job log [OPTIONS] JOB_ID
      Show the log for a given job id.

   2) transtats job run [OPTIONS] REPO_TYPE REPO_BRANCH JOB_TYPE PACKAGE_NAME
      Runs a job and/or show the job log.
      Available job-types are syncupstream, syncdownstream, stringchange,
                              pushtrans, dpushtrans, pulltrans
      Available repo-types are default, l10n, transifex, weblate

.br
.I \fB * package [OPTIONS] PACKAGE_NAME
   Translation status of a package.

.br
.I \fB * version [OPTIONS]
   Display the current version.

.br
.I \fB * release [OPTIONS] RELEASE_SLUG
   Translation status of a release slug(branch).

.SH "EXAMPLES"
.PP
   \fBTo check the translation coverage as per predefined graph rule on transtats server.\fP
   transtats coverage rhinstaller

.PP
   \fBTo check the translation status of any partiular package for all the available release branches on transtats server.\fP
   transtats package abrt

.PP
   \fBTo check the if package exists on the transtats server.\fP
   transtats package --exist abrt

.PP
   \fBTo check the translation health of any partiular package for all the available release branches on transtats server.\fP
   transtats package --health abrt

.PP
   \fBTo check the translation status for available packages in any pre-defined Linux distribution release on transtats server.\fP
   transtats release fedora-35

.PP
   \fBTo check the translation status for available packages in any pre-defined Linux distribution release on transtats server.\fP
   \fBBut if you need to know this status categorized by individual languages then use --detail\fP
   transtats release --detail fedora-35

.PP
   \fBTo know the version of this transtats client.\fP
   transtats version

.PP
   \fBTo know the version of this transtats client along with transtats server.\fP
   transtats version --server

.PP
   \fBTo submit a job to transtats server. There are 6 types of job that users can submit.\fP
      Various job type command examples are given below
      transtats job run --repo-type l10n --repo-branch f35 syncupstream anaconda
      transtats job run --repo-type l10n --repo-branch f35 --build-system koji --build-tag f35 syncdownstream anaconda
      transtats job run --repo-branch master --release-slug fedora-33 stringchange anaconda

.SH "NOTES"
   These commands give output in plain text format. If you need the same output
   in json format then just add to every above command --json option.

.SH AUTHORS
 Transtats CLI is primarily written by Sundeep Anand <suanand@fedoraproject.org>
 Updated by Parag Nemade <pnemade@fedoraproject.org>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
 Documentation for the Transtats project is available at http://docs.transtats.org
.PP
The full documentation for
.B transtats
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B transtats
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info transtats
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
